hi all swami fighter frontline
today we are making it from 7 cm from the first
it's all sorts of people here
who do not know someone gathered ordinary
armor-piercing projectile as you see from 7
breaks through with an ordinary armor-piercing projectile
now look now hasan at is-7 here
Excellent at all is IS-7
armor as you see now I will charge
I will try to punch a blower into the same area
maybe even more hooray no
true yes a landmine does not break through now
armor-piercing conventional shells
conventional armor-piercing shells is-7 and
Pro breaks through quietly and 7 10 level
makes his way with 1
can kill him
I only have enough ammo for
for if i 'm shooting at me
I do not have enough bullets
amo is not enough and iso kill and I
by gun hit standing by gun get
there is no way that something is wrong is not the chat here but
she is on the article to flood it now
now I'm on it hangs out in Smolny
Leopard Schmalnu Leopard, too, struck from and
Level 10 make their way quietly
and right now and he calmly won the keys
breaks out of level 7 through 10
now worth topograph stein topographer
sanchez look at the topographer like him
how will we beat it
where will I topographe now
resistant candle you can not leave something
Here's a good break so stand you
dibil something
go get beat we take another alien
a little bit like that smoother back all
everything is fine uhuhu tree stick you saw
how much I took off of him look I his
now three shots destroy only
in any cell these these shit tanks in
water burn in fire drown just generally
such shit stays flocks which destroy
pancake didn't shoot all over
I destroyed the length of the medal interestingly yes
I even set fire to it
the water was I set it on fire in the water
nuka now i'm a topographer hour topographer
hand back too
or arthur gazuy ago oh damn moron
topographer get up and hand over back just hand over
back and stand next to dimon dead
topographer give for next to dimona dead
I also broke through the attic at one time this
vegetables it is generally damn level 10
breaks through ignites himself in shock
I set it on fire quietly so topographer
punching them from restlessly but still
quietly then punch here now
subcaliber charge so generally
quietly calm will be on
him so perdak design 5 write me what I
punch congratulations well let's punch
which novoku fuuuh only 300 shot
so much for four shots shooting see
I'm as much as six
shots taking off how much you private
Fu yaz yaz only defend you for seven
shots taking off how many thousands of years before
commander soon it will end I don’t know
now i'm from hell me now have the ball
the projectile will end or I'm out of hell going to
help me
yes, let's go to your phoenix again
frontal armor
about home but to have a little
left purely upright here so well
eat him a pancake well i'm faster i even
it only destroyed me ammo not
enough shells that's what comes up on
fund and carried
but
o everything is fine
topographer I want to destroy you too
the goal is also write as was the topographer yes
I should want to destroy thee as a center
topographer become topographer become still
back yet still you see where
serpent commander principle shook me
to be patient take old please
nefig and I killed the area do not forget
invited removed first dragon when i
here shit tank arson and kill for myself
almost killed on
why so let's go play for now
do not care phoenix drove take us
drove yes yes fine everything well all guys
this who wants me friends add not
I know you uploaded this video like you
Level 10 c1 punch